
h1. omap-ci

Templating Library Codeigniter


h2. Structure

* <b>Appliction</b>
** @config/config.php@
** @controllers/dasbor.php@
** @views/omap-ci/pages/my_pages.php@
** @views/omap-ci/modules/my_modules.php@

* <b>System/</b>
** @core/config.php@
** @libraries/omap.php@

* <b>Template/</b>
** @omap-ci/index.php@
** @omap-ci/images@
** @omap-ci/style/style.css@
** @omap-ci/js/@

h2. Method Reference

* @$this->omap->title('tilte');@
* @$this->omap->label('label');@
* @$this->omap->type('type');@
* @$this->omap->modules('type');@
* @$this->omap->index('index');@
* @$this->omap->template('template');@
* @$this->omap->view('view');@
* @$this->omap->display('display');@

h2. Helper Reference

* mobile
** @detect_mobile();@
* myfiles
** @write_to_file($file,$data);@
** @reading_file($file_txt);@
* session
** @get_access_login($session_name);@
* symbol
** @rp($data);@
* time
** @get_jam();@
** @time_sum($time1, $time2);@
** @date_deadline($tgl_now, $deadline=3, $deadline_bulan=0, $deadline_tahun=0);@
* upload
** @do_upload($files,$path);@
** @multi_do_upload($files,$path);@
* validation
** @val_email($email);@
** @val_no($key);@
** @val_phone($key);@
** @val_word($key);@
** @limit_validation;@
** @replace($karakter, $string);@

h2. Labels Reference

* @{SITE}@
* @{SITE_INDEX}@
* @{STYLE}@
* @{JS}@
* @{IMAGES}@
* @{AUTHOR}@
* @{DEVELOPER}@
* @{DEVELOPER_SITE}@

h2. Setup

Place all this file into Codeigniter Source.
* Setup @development.properties@ to set Codeigniter destination  
* Run @ant remote.compile@ to build all

h2.  Usage

h3. Setup Theme

* Open @application/config/config.php@ 
** Setup @$config['theme']@ any name. Default is <b>omap-ci</b>

h3. Omap-ci Usage

* Omap-ci setup title to set title of websites
** @$this->omap->title('Welcome Omap-Ci')@

* Omap-ci setup type to set type of class (pages or module)
** @$this->omap->type('pages')@
** @$this->omap->type('modules')@

* Omap-ci setup label to set label. This is usage to put the class type pages to the template.
** @$this->omap->label('login')@ 
** At @template/omap-ci/index.php@ it will initialized @{LOGIN}@ 

* Except for module type. 
** @$this->omap->type('modules', 'my_modules')@ or
** @$this->omap->type('modules', 'my_modules', $any_data)@ 
** This word 'my_modules' will refer to the file views / modules / my_modules.php
** You can give any data like $any_data behind 'my_modules'

* To display any modules in type of pages 
** @$this->omap->modules('module_1, module_2, module_3')@
** 'module_1, ...' this is name of controllers that have type of modules and will create a label with a name on it. so its look @{MODULE_1}@

* Omap-ci setup display to set display for type of page only.
** @$this->omap->display('my_files',$any_data)@ 
** my_files is name of file that saved in modules or pages dependent the type of class 

* Path for images
** style.css @../images/file_images.jpg@
** index.php @images/file_images.jpg@

* Path for Js, images and Style 
** put at index.php of template @{STYLE}@ it same as @http://BASE_URL/template/THEME_NAME/style/@
** put at index.php of template @{IMAGES}@ it same as @http://BASE_URL/template/THEME_NAME/images/@
** put at index.php of template @{JS}@ it same as @http://BASE_URL/template/THEME_NAME/js/@

* Title for website
** put at index.php od template @{TITLE}@ at @<title>...</title>@


h2. Happy to Try
